Database (#123)
openscm/scmdata: docs/source/data.rst

For example, it couldn't handle a case where one point in a timeseries needed to be labelled with an 'erroneous' label.
In such a case the entire timeseries would have to be labelled 'erroneous' (or a new timeseries made with just that data point, which may not be very performant).
If behaviour of this type is required, we suggest trying another data handling approach.

The **ScmDatabase** class
-------------------------

When handling large datasets which may not fit into memory, it is important to be able to query subsets of the dataset without having
to iterate over the entire dataset. :class:`scmdata.database.ScmDatabase` helps with this issue by disaggregating a dataset into
subsets according to unique combinations of metadata. The metadata of interest is specified by the user so that the database can be
adapted to any use-case or access pattern.

One of the major benefits of :class:`scmdata.database.ScmDatabase` is that the taxonomy of metadata does not need to be known at

> database creation making it easy to add new data to the database. Often no existing data needs to be modified, the new data is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database creation making it easy to add new data to the database. Often no existing data needs to be modified, so the new data is
```

is a word missing?

serialized as new files.

Filtering using the metadata columns of interest is also very simple as the contents of a given file can be determined from the

> directory structure without having to load the file. Each file can then be loaded as the data is needed, minimising the amount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory structure without having to load the file. Each file can then be loaded as the data is needed, minimising the need for reading data which will then immediately be filtered away
```
